Update Beginnter-CLI-Tools docu (#5236)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Understanding-ROS2-Actions/Understanding-ROS2-Actions.rst

      /turtle1/rotate_absolute: turtlesim_msgs/action/RotateAbsolute
    Action Clients:

> Which returns a list of ``/turtlesim``'s subscribers, publishers, services, action servers and action clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command returns a list of ``/turtlesim``'s subscribers, publishers, services, action servers and action clients.
```

.. code-block:: console

>   $ ros2 interface show turtlesim_msgs/action/RotateAbsolute

Reviewer: The `#` in the interface output below is interpreted as a command prompt, which makes the interface comment lines starting with `#` be included in the copied text. I'll have to figure out a solution (escaping it or removing `#` from the list of command prompt symbols), but for now I would just keep this as-is, i.e., command and output in separate blocks:

```suggestion
  $ ros2 interface show turtlesim_msgs/action/RotateAbsolute

Which will return:

.. code-block:: console

```
